Contained in this folder are three helper programs to aid in uploading songs onto the backend storage for this WebApp. All songs need to be properly tagged with metadata tags of Title, Artist, Genre, and Year. If they aren't they won't be able to be queried by the front end UI Genre and Year selection options, and you will just have songs in the Dropbox folder that the WebApp cannot access, so the user cannot listen to. Even if you switch to a different backend storage server other than Dropbox, the front end UI will still require all songs to have these metadata tags in order to be accessed by the advanced selection options, and in order for the Title and the Artist of the song that is currently playing to be displayed on the landing page. Further details about using the metadata program are outlined in the Song_Upload video in the Admin Manual.

Secondly, Dropbox features a 2.00 GB storage limit. If you choose to use another backend storage, you will still likely have to deal with a finite storage space. In order to maximize the number of songs that you can fit in that storage, I have provided a compression script that is a Windows PowerShell script that uses ffmpeg in order to compress the songs. This Compression Script is available in this folder. We were able to achieve around a 50% reduction in file size for all of the songs that are currently in the dropbox as of 4/30/2020. You probably weren't able to tell that these songs were in fact compressed- they still sound pretty good. We figured that most users were either using their laptop speakers or a set of standard apple-like headphones, so high levels of audio quality were not needed. Like I said, we were able to slightly over double the amount of songs that we could fit in that amount of storage by using this ffmpeg Compression script, and it barely compromises audio fidelity. More details about audio compression, and an example of the command line instruction to use ffmpeg, as well as more information is detailed in the Song_Upload video in the Admin Manual.

Thirdly, in order for the front end UI features of the WebApp to actually query the Dropbox database, or whatever backend storage you may have changed to, a config.json file needs to be generated with all of the requisite metadata tags afforementioned. That config.json file needs to be included in the Dropbox folder that contains the songs, as it is now as of 4/30/2020. If you are trying to upload new songs, you need to regenerate the config file, in order for them to be able to be actually acessed by the front end UI. Again, a requisite for generation of the config file is that all songs MUST have those four metadata tags, and compression should be completed before this step as well. In order to generate the config file locally, you can use my config-program, which is included in this folder. More details about the config generation, as well as a tutorial on how to do that is available in the Song_Upload video in the Admin Manual.